Highlights: Defines "school employee" as an employee of the school or school district. "School employee" does not include anyone who is a student enrolled in the school district (Sec. 2.g.i). Prohibits any person from obtaining a license or carrying a concealed deadly weapon from doing the following (Sec. 1): Carrying a concealed weapon in a courthouse, juvenile detention facility, or jail, and a school; Providing information on the application for a permit to carry a concealed weapon knowing the same to be untrue; and The following are exempt: Peace officers while acting within the scope of their employment; Security personnel while engaged in their employment; or Any person who is authorized to carry a weapon by a person, board, or other entity having authority over the building or facility; or Establishes employees of a school district have the right to search all students or minors, including their belongings and lockers, that are reasonably believed to violate the provisions of this section, or in violation of applicable school rule or district policy, regarding the possession of a firearm or other deadly or dangerous weapon (Sec. 2-3). Authorizes a school employee who possesses a valid enhanced license to carry concealed weapons issued as long as the firearm or deadly weapon is concealed and that school employee maintains immediate control over the firearm or deadly weapon (Sec. 2-4.h). Prohibits school employees who lawfully carry a concealed firearm or other deadly weapon from (Sec. 2-5): Being compelled to disclose the possession or presence of any firearm or deadly weapon, except to an Idaho peace officer who is conducting a lawful investigation when such information is reasonably related to the investigation; or Being subject to any disciplinary action, retaliation, or adverse work conditions by any Idaho school or school district for possession of a firearm on school property, unless said school employee fails to comply with the provisions of this section or other Idaho firearms laws. Requires a school employee who possesses a valid enhanced license to carry concealed weapons and desires to carry a concealed weapon on school property to inform the principal of the school and the superintendent of the school district where he is employed and will provide them with a copy of the enhanced license (Sec. 2-6). Prohibits public schools from displaying any signage indicating that school property is a gun-free zone (Sec. 2-9). Prohibits a school employee from being required to carry a concealed weapon on school property without his consent. No school employee shall have a duty arising from this section to carry or use a deadly weapon on school property (Sec. 2-10).