Highlights: Requires the Department of State Police to issue a concealed carry license to an individual if he or she meets the following eligibility requirements (Sec. 25): The individual is at least 21 years of age; The individual currently holds a valid Firearm Owner’s Identification Card; The individual has not been found guilty of a misdemeanor involving the use or threat of violence; The individual has not had 2 or more violations related to driving while under the influence within the last 5 years; The individual is not the subject of a pending arrest warrant, prosecution, or proceeding for an offense or action that could lead to disqualification to own a firearm; The individual has not been in a residential or court-ordered rehabilitation facility within the last 5 years; and The individual has completed 16 hours of firearms training. Specifies that an active, retired, or honorably discharged member of the United States Armed Forces must complete 8 hours of firearms training (Sec. 75). Requires the Department of State Police to perform a background check on an individual who applies for a concealed carry license (Sec. 35). Authorizes a concealed carry licensee to carry a loaded or unloaded concealed firearm on or about their person or in a vehicle (Sec. 10). Prohibits a concealed carry licensee from carrying their firearm in certain places, including, but not limited to, the following locations (Sec. 65): Public or private pre-schools, child care facilities, and elementary or secondary school properties; Hospitals and other medical facilities; and Government properties. Authorizes an individual to prohibit another individual from carrying a concealed firearm on his or her private property (Sec. 65). Requires the Department of State Police to maintain a searchable database of license applicants and licensees available to all federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies, State’s Attorneys, the Attorney General, and authorized court personnel (Sec. 10). Classifies a violation of the provisions of this bill as a Class B misdemeanor and a second or subsequent violation as a Class A misdemeanor (Sec. 70). Established the State Police Firearm Services Fund which will receive revenue under the Firearm Concealed Carry Act as well as any other grants and legal sources, that will be used for carrying out duties under the Firearm Owners Identification Card Act and the Firearm Concealed Card Act (Sec. 125) Requires a physician or qualified examiner in their line of work to notify the Department of Human Services if he or she has deemed an individual developmentally disabled or has determined an individual to pose a clear and present danger to himself, herself, or others for the purposes of this bill only (Sec. 145).