Highlights: Amends the Indiana Safe Schools Fund to increase school safety through (Sec. 1): Helping teachers, school staff, and school employees acquire specialized firearms instruction; and Defraying tuition related expenses for teachers, school staff, and school employees who wish to enroll in the course of specialized firearms instruction. Authorizes a teacher, staff member, or employee of a school to carry a firearm in or on school property (Sec. 3). Defines “institute” as the Indiana Criminal Justice Institute (Sec. 3). Authorizes a teacher, staff member, or employee of a school to apply to the institute for a grant in the form and manner prescribed by the institute (Sec. 3). Requires that a grant provided to a teacher, school staff member, or school employee, be used to enroll them in a course of specialized firearms instruction taught by an instructor qualified to provide instruction for (Sec. 3): No less than one hour of general firearms safety that includes: Safe handling of firearms; Safe carrying of firearms; and Safe storage of firearms; No less than one half hour of firearms maintenance consisting of the following subtopics: General care of firearms; Basic firearm cleaning, oiling, preventative maintenance, and repair; No less than 24 hours on the following topics: Basic marksmanship training that includes a qualification standard established by the instructor; Scenario based training; No less than eight hours of dynamic gun drills, with topics consisting of: Shooting in high-stress environments; Shooting in highly populated environment; Shooting while moving and communicating with third parties; Shooting at multiple targets; Shooting while moving to and from cover; No less than one hour on the topic of firearms retention consisting of: Retention of a handgun while holstered; Retention of a handgun while drawn; Retention of shotguns and rifles; Responses to common handgun, shotgun, and rifle disarming techniques; No less than two hours on the topic of tactical movement and maneuvering while armed; No less than one hour on the legal consequence of a use of force action; No less than one hour on post-shooting considerations and consequences; No less than one hour on the topic of school shootings and active shooter incidents; Any other topic or remedial training deemed appropriate or necessary by the course instructor, or necessitated by the circumstances or conditions unique to a specific school, teacher or student; and No less than one hour of tactical emergency medical instruction.