Highlights: Prohibits the enforcement of federal firearm regulations, including but not limited to the following (Sec. A): Any registering or tracking of the owners of firearms, accessories, or ammunition; Any act forbidding the possession, ownership, use, or transfer of any type of firearms, accessories, or ammunition; and Any tax, levy, or fee imposed on firearms, accessories, or ammunition. Classifies a violation of this bill by an official, agent, or employee of the United States government as a Class A misdemeanor (Sec. A). Authorizes an individual who has a valid concealed carry license in Missouri or another recognized state to openly carry firearms that are 16 inches or less in length in any jurisdiction where it was previously prohibited (Sec. A). Authorizes a school district to designate teachers or administrators as “school protection officers,” who are authorized to carry a concealed firearm on school property (Sec. A). Specifies that a school protection officer must meet certain requirements, including, but not limited to, the following (Sec. A): The school protection officer keeps the firearm on his or her person while on school property; The school protection officer holds a valid concealed carry license; and The school protection officer completes a school protection officer training program approved by the Director of the Department of Public Safety. Prohibits any individual or entity from publishing the name, address, or other identifying information of any individual who owns a firearm or is an applicant for, or holder of, any license or permit that allows the person to own or carry a firearm (Sec. A). Prohibits health care professionals from being required by law to ask if a patient owns a firearm, to document firearm ownership in medical records, or to notify any governmental entity of the identity of a patient based solely on his or her status as a firearm owner (Sec. A). Reduces the minimum age to obtain a concealed carry endorsement from 21 to 19 years of age (Sec. A). Prohibits a county, municipality, or a governmental body from participating in a program where an individual is given a thing of value in exchange for surrendering a firearm unless the locality authorizes the participation and receives the proceeds from the transfers (Sec. A).