Highlights: Exempts the authority that a county or municipality have under another law in the following ways (Sec. 2-1): To require citizens or public employees to be armed for personal or national defense, law enforcement, or another lawful purpose; and To regulate the discharge of firearms within the limits of the county or municipality. Prohibits a county or municipality from using written notice provisions any rules, regulations, orders or policies to ban concealed firearms on property under their control except (Sec. 2-4): At a location indicating that a license does not authorize the holder to carry a firearm into that location, as long as the sign also indicates that carrying a firearm is unauthorized only for license holders without a training endorsement or where carrying a firearm is unauthorized for all license holders; and At any location under the control of the county or municipality indicating that the possession of a firearm is banned on the premises, as long as the sign also indicates that it does not apply to a person properly licensed to carry a concealed firearm or to a person lawfully carrying a firearm that is not concealed. Specifies the party adversely impacted by the ordinance or posted written notice will notify the Attorney General in writing of the violation and include evidence of the violation. The Attorney General shall, within 30 days, investigate whether the county or municipality adopted an ordinance or posted written notice in violation of this section and provide the chief administrative officer of the county or municipality notice of his findings (Sec. 2-5.b). Specifies if the circuit court finds that a county or municipality adopted an ordinance or posted written notice or imposed any rule, regulation, order, or policy in violation of this section and failed to cure that violation, the circuit court will issue a permanent injunction against a county or municipality prohibiting it from enforcing the ordinance, rule, regulation, order, policy or posted written notice (Sec. 2-5.c). Prohibits a county or municipality or their officers or employees from participating in any program in which individuals are given a thing of value provided by another individual or other entity in exchange for surrendering a firearm to the county, municipality, or other governmental body (Sec. 2-6).