Highlights: Establishes that a person is allowed to act in self-defense, defense of another, or defense of that person's residence. If at the trial of a person who is accused of an offense that involved the person's use of force against another, there is evidence presented that supports that the accused person used the force in self-defense, defense of another, or defense of that person's residence (Sec. 1-B.1). Requires the prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the accused person did not use the force in self-defense, defense of another, or defense of that person's residence, as the case may be (Sec. 1-B.1). Specifies the presumption set forth in division B2 of this section does not apply if either of the following is true (Sec. 1-3): The person against whom the defensive force is used has a right to be in, or is a lawful resident of, the residence or vehicle; or The person who uses the defensive force uses it while in a residence or vehicle and the person is unlawfully, and without privilege to be, in that residence or vehicle. Expands the use of the terms "reasonable doubt" and "proof beyond a reasonable doubt,"(Sec. 1-3.C). Prohibits the licensee to carry a concealed handgun into any of the following places (Sec. 1-Sec. 2923.126.B): A police station, sheriff's office, or state highway patrol station, premises controlled by the bureau of criminal identification and investigation; a state correctional institution, jail, workhouse, or other detention facilities; A school safety zone; A courthouse or another building or structure in which a courtroom is located; Any premises or open-air arena for which a D permit has been issued; Any premises owned or leased by any public or private college, university, or other institution of higher education; Any church, synagogue, mosque, or other places of worship, unless the church, synagogue, mosque, or other place of worship posts or permits otherwise; Any building that is a government facility of this state or a political subdivision of this state and that is not a building that is used primarily as a shelter, restroom, parking facility for motor vehicles; and A place in which federal law prohibits the carrying of handguns.