Highlights: Authorizes tactical medical professionals to carry firearms while on duty in the same manner and to the same extent as law enforcement if all of the following apply (Sec. 1): The law enforcement agency that the professional is serving has authorized such professional to carry firearms; and Such professional has been awarded a certificate of completion for an approved firearms training program, or completed a similar program prior to the effective date of this bill. Defines “tactical medical professional” as an EMT, paramedic, nurse, or physician who is trained and certified in a nationally recognized tactical medical training program and who functions in a tactical environment while attached to a law enforcement agency (Sec. 1). Specifies such tactical medical professionals are protected from potential civil or criminal liability for any conduct while carrying firearms to the same extent as law enforcement (Sec. 1). Requires the attorney general to adopt rules regarding firearms training for tactical medical professionals, including but not limited to (Sec. 1): A requirement that training be received through a program approved by the peace officer training commission; A requirement that professionals seeking to carry a rifle or carbine receive training specific to those firearms through an approved program; Rules authorizing and governing the attendance of tactical medical professionals at peace officer training schools and their certification upon completion; and Rules specifying the amount of training necessary for satisfactory completion. Requires the Ohio peace officer training academy to permit tactical medical professional to attend designated training courses at the academy, and specifies that the law enforcement agency to which such professional is attached may pay the professionals’ tuition (Sec. 1). Requires tactical medical professionals who are certified to carry firearms while on duty to complete a firearms requalification program each year (Sec. 1).