Highlights: Authorizes schools to apply for the designation of having individuals serve as school police officers, and to authorize those individuals the right to be armed (Sec. 1302). Requires schools that employ or contract school police officers to report the following annually (Sec.1303): The name of the school and the number of school police officers hired; The location and municipality of the school; and The date and kind of training that the school police officers have undergone. Requires school police officers complete the following training in 6 months or less, starting June 10, 2019 (Sec. 1305): The annual training required by the Municipal Police Officers’ Education and Training Commission, or to have graduated from the Pennsylvania State Police Academy; and The Basic School Resource Officer Course of Instruction given by the National Association of School Resource Officers or a similar course with the approval of the commission. Authorizes school police officers to have the following powers and duties (Sec. 1306): The enforcement of good order in school buildings, school buses, and on school grounds; The ability to exercise the same authority of law or ordinance given to the police of the respective municipality; and The ability to issue citations or detain individuals. Authorizes, with the exception of active law enforcement officers, school security guards to be armed conditionally upon competition of the following requirements, including but not limited to (Sec. 1314): Being licensed under the Uniform Firearms Act; The certification from under the Lethal Weapons Training Act; and The completion of the basic school resource officer course of instruction or equivalent course. Exempts retired law enforcement officers from the training requirements for school security guards, upon the following conditions (Sec. 1314): Following section 8.1 of the Lethal Weapons Training Act; and A firearm training and qualification card issued under the Retired Law Enforcement Identification Act.