Highlights: Defines 'concealable weapon' as a firearm having a length of fewer than 12 inches measured along its greatest dimension that may be carried openly on one's person or in a manner that is hidden from public view in normal wear of clothing except when needed for self-defense, defense of others, and the protection of real or personal property (Sec. 2). Specifies a person can carry a handgun in a vehicle if it is secured in a closed glove compartment, closed console, closed trunk, or in a closed container secured by an integral fastener and transported in the luggage compartment of the vehicle; however, this item is not violated if the glove compartment, console, or trunk is opened in the presence of a law enforcement officer for the sole purpose of retrieving a driver's license, registration, or proof of insurance. If the person has been issued a concealed weapon permit then the person also may secure his weapon under a seat in a vehicle, or in any open or closed storage compartment within the vehicle's passenger compartment (Sec. 3). Specifies nothing contained in this article will in any way be construed to limit, diminish, or otherwise infringe upon (Sec. 4.a): The right of a public or private employer to prohibit a person who is licensed under this article from carrying a concealed or open carry weapon upon the premises of the business or workplace or while using any machinery, vehicle, or equipment owned or operated by the business; The right of a private property owner or person in legal possession or control to allow or prohibit the carrying of a concealable or open carry weapon upon his premises. Authorizes a public or private employer or the owner of a business to post a sign regarding the prohibition or allowance on those premises of concealable weapons, whether concealed or openly carried, which may be unique to that business (Sec. 4.c). Requires all handgun education courses to include the following information (Sec. 6): Information on the statutory and case law of this State relating to handguns and the use of deadly force; Information on handgun use and safety; Information on the proper storage practice for handguns with an emphasis on storage practices that reduces the possibility of accidental injury to a child; and The actual firing of the handgun in the presence of the instructor; Properly securing a firearm in a holster; 'Cocked and locked' carrying of a firearm; How to respond to a person who attempts to take your firearm from your holster; and Deescalation techniques and strategies." Authorizes a person who holds a valid permit to carry a concealable weapon on the leased premises of an elementary or secondary school if a church leases the school premises or areas within the school for church services or official church activities. These provisions apply in the following ways (Sec. 7.A-1): Only during those times that the church has the use and enjoyment of the property according to its lease with the school; and Only to the areas of the school within the lease agreement, any related parking areas, or any reasonable ingress or egress between these areas.