Highlights: Establishes it is unlawful for any person or group of persons to (Sec. 2.A): Carry or have readily accessible to the person upon the capitol grounds or within the capitol building any firearm or dangerous weapon; or Discharge any firearm or to use any dangerous weapon upon the capitol grounds or within the capitol building. Establishes it is unlawful, whether or not the person has a concealed weapon permit, for anyone to carry about the person any handgun, whether concealed or not, unless otherwise specifically authorized by law into a (Sec. 3.A): Law enforcement, correctional, or detention facility; Courthouse or courtroom; Polling place on election day; Business meeting or office of the governing body of a county, public school district, municipality, or special purpose district; School or college athletic event not related to firearms; Daycare facility or preschool facility; Place where the carrying of firearms is prohibited by federal law; Church or other established religious sanctuary; Medical clinic, doctor's office, or any other facility where medical services or procedures are performed unless expressly authorized by the employer; Residence or dwelling place of another person; or Place clearly marked with a sign prohibiting the carrying of a concealable weapon on the premises. Establishes it is unlawful for a person to possess a firearm of any kind on any premises or property owned, operated, or controlled by a private or public school, college, university, technical college, other post-secondary institution, or in any publicly owned building, without the express permission of the authorities in charge of the premises or property (Sec. 5.A). Specifies the terms 'premises' and 'property' do not include state or locally owned or maintained roads, streets, or rights-of-way of them, running through or adjacent to premises or property owned, operated, or controlled by a private or public school, college, university, technical college, or other post-secondary institution, which are open full time to public vehicular traffic (Sec. 5.E). Establishes a person convicted of knowingly carrying a firearm into a business which sells alcoholic liquor, beer, or wine for consumption on the premises is guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction, must be fined not more than $2,000 or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both (Sec. 7.A) Requires a permit holder to report the loss or theft of a permit identification card to SLED headquarters within 48 hours of the time the permit holder knew or reasonably should have known of the loss or theft. A person who violates the provisions of this subsection is guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction, must be fined $25 (Sec. 8). Specifies nothing contained in this article will in any way be construed to limit, diminish, or otherwise infringe upon (Sec. 9): The right of a public or private employer to prohibit a person who is otherwise not prohibited by law from possessing a handgun from carrying a concealable weapon upon the premises of the business or work place or while using any machinery, vehicle, or equipment owned or operated by the business; or The right of a private property owner or person in legal possession or control to allow or prohibit the carrying of a concealable weapon upon his premises. Requires all signs must be posted at each entrance into a building where carrying of a concealable weapon permit holder is prohibited and must be the following (Sec. 10.B): Clearly visible from outside the building; 8 inches wide by twelve inches tall in size; Contain the words 'NO CONCEALABLE WEAPONS ALLOWED' in black one-inch tall uppercase type at the bottom of the sign and centered between the lateral edges of the sign; Contain a black silhouette of a handgun inside a circle 7 inches in diameter with a diagonal line that runs from the lower left to the upper right at a 45-degree angle from the horizontal; A diameter of a circle; and Placed not less than 40 inches and not more than 60 inches from the bottom of the building's entrance door.