Highlights: -Authorizes one who is not consuming beer, wine, or any alcoholic beverage and is within the confines of an establishment open to the public that is licensed as a restaurant by the alcoholic beverage commission to carry a firearm (Sec. 1). -Establishes that a violation is a Class A misdemeanor, punishable by a mandatory minimum period of imprisonment of 72 hours and a mandatory minimum fine of $500 (Sec. 2). -Authorizes an individual, corporation, business entity or government entity to prohibit the possession of weapons by any person who is at a meeting conducted by or on property owned, operated or managed or under the control of the individual, corporation, business entity or government entity (Sec. 3). -Specifies that there must be a posting on all entrances when the possession of weapons is prohibited informing the public of the prohibition and of any penalties for violating it (Sec. 3). -Specifies that if the possession of weapons is also prohibited on the premises of the property as well as within the confines of a building located on the property, the notice shall be posted at all entrances to the premises that are primarily used by persons entering the property (Sec. 3). -Establishes that possession of a weapon on posted property is a Class B misdemeanor punishable by a fine of $500, but is a Class A misdemeanor if the violation occurs in an establishment licensed by the alcoholic beverage commission as a restaurant and the person violating the section had a handgun carry permit at the time of the offense and was consuming an alcoholic beverage within the establishment (Sec. 3). -Requires that when it is a Class A misdemeanor the violator be punished by a mandatory minimum period of incarceration of 48 hours, a mandatory minimum fine of $500, and a mandatory suspension of the person's handgun carry permit for a period of one year (Sec. 3). -Specifies that this act does not alter, reduce, or eliminate any civil or criminal liability that a property owner or manager may have for injuries arising on their property (Sec. 3). -Prohibits the application of this act to the grounds of any public park, natural area, historic park, nature trail, campground, forest, greenway, waterway, or other public places that are owned or operated by the state or a county (Sec. 3). -Requires that, beginning on September 1, 2010, at least one hour of the handgun safety courses shall provide instruction on alcohol and drugs, the effects of those substances on a person's reflexes, judgment and ability to safely handle a firearm, and the applicable Tennessee laws pertaining to consuming alcohol in an establishment licensed by the alcoholic beverage commission (Sec. 4).