Highlights: Authorizes a person who has a valid enhanced handgun carry permit or concealed handgun carry permit or who lawfully carries a handgun to, unless expressly prohibited by federal law, transport and store a firearm or firearm ammunition in the person's motor vehicle while on or utilizing any public or private parking area if (Sec. 2.a): The person's motor vehicle is parked in a location where the motor vehicle is permitted to be; and The firearm or ammunition being transported or stored in the motor vehicle: Is kept from ordinary observation if the person is in the motor vehicle; or Is kept from ordinary observation and locked within the trunk, glove box, or interior of the person's motor vehicle or a container securely affixed to the motor vehicle if the person is not in the motor vehicle. Specifies the permit holder will have the permit in the holder's immediate possession at all times when carrying a handgun in a location or manner that would be prohibited if not for the person's status as an enhanced handgun carry permit holder and shall display the permit on demand of a law enforcement officer under such circumstances (Sec. 6). Requires the permit holder to have the permit in the holder's immediate possession at all times when carrying a handgun in a location or manner that would be prohibited if not for the person's status as a concealed handgun carry permit holder and shall display the permit on demand of a law enforcement officer under such circumstances (Sec. 7.a). Specifies theft of a firearm is punishable by confinement for not less than 180 days in addition to any other penalty authorized by law (Sec. 10.d). Specifies that offenses committed on or after July 1, 2021, will have no release eligibility until the person has served 85 percent of the sentence imposed by the court, less sentence credits earned and retained. However, no sentence reduction credits will operate to reduce below seventy percent 70 percent of the percentage of sentence imposed by the court such person must serve before becoming release eligible. The offenses to which this applies are (Sec. 12): Unlawful possession of a firearm by a person convicted of a felony crime of violence, an attempt to commit a felony crime of violence, or a felony involving use of a deadly weapon; Unlawful possession of a firearm by a person convicted of a felony drug offense; Unlawful possession of a handgun by a person convicted of a felony; and Unlawfully providing a handgun to a juvenile or permitting a juvenile to possess a handgun.