Highlights: Establishes “school marshal” as a new category of law enforcement in schools to be appointed by a school’s board of trustees or governing body (Sec. 2). Authorizes a school marshal to exercise all authority given to peace officers (Sec. 2). Authorizes the board of trustees of a school district or the governing body of an open-enrollment charter school to adopt written regulations for the school marshal’s authority (Sec. 2). Authorizes the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Officer Standards and Education to license an individual as a school marshal provided that the individual meets the following requirements, including, but not limited to (Sec. 5): The individual possesses a license to carry a concealed handgun; The individual completes a school marshal training program with a minimum of 80 hours of instruction; and The individual completes a psychological examination and is deemed to be “psychologically fit” to carry out the duties of a school marshal. Authorizes a school marshal to carry a concealed handgun on the physical premise of the school if the individual complies with the following requirements (Sec. 3): The concealed handgun is equipped with only frangible ammunition designed to disintegrate on impact; The concealed handgun is accessed only under circumstances that would justify the use of deadly force in defense of self or another; and The concealed handgun is kept in a locked safe if the individual is in regular and direct contact with students. Prohibits an individual from being appointed as a school marshal unless the individual is licensed by the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Officer Standards and Education and the individual is appointed by the board of trustees of a school district or the governing body of an open-enrollment charter school (Sec. 2). Requires the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Officer Standards and Education to establish a school marshal training program with the following objectives, including, but not limited to the following (Sec. 5 & 8): The emphasis of strategies for preventing school shootings and for securing the safety of potential victims of school shootings; The introduction of effective law enforcement strategies and techniques; and The improvement of the individual’s proficiency with a handgun. Prohibits the board of trustees or governing body of a school district to appoint more than 1 school marshal per 400 students (Sec. 3). Specifies that an individual’s status as school marshal is no longer active in the following circumstances (Sec. 3): The expiration of the individual’s school marshal license; The suspension or revocation of the individual’s license to carry a concealed handgun; The termination of the individual’s employment with the school district or charter school; or The notice from the school district or charter school that the individual’s services as school marshal are no longer required. Specifies that the identity of a school marshal is confidential and is not subject to public information requests (Secs. 3 & 5). Specifies that a school marshal is not entitled to state benefits provided to peace officers (Sec. 2).