Highlights: Authorizes the court to issue an ex parte gun violence restraining order if the petition and any additional information proves that there is a substantial chance that both of the following are true (Sec. 1 & 2): The individual in question poses a significant risk of injuring the petitioner or any other individual by having in their custody or control, owning, purchasing, possessing, or receiving a firearm; and An ex parte gun violence restraining order is needed for the prevention of injury to the petitioner or any other individual because other methods have been unsuccessful in their attempts. Authorizes the following individuals to file a petition requesting that the court issue an ex parte gun violence restraining order prohibiting another individual from having in their custody or control, owning, purchasing, possessing, or receiving a firearm or ammunition (Sec. 2): An immediate family member of the individual in question; An employer of the subject of the petition; A coworker of the individual in question if they have had substantial and regular interactions with the individual for at least one year and received approval from the employer; An employee or teacher of a secondary or postsecondary school that the individual in question has attended in the preceding 6 months, if the employee or teacher received approval from a school administrator or a school administration staff member with a supervisorial role; and A law enforcement officer. Authorizes the individuals mentioned above to request that a court, after notice and a hearing, issue a gun violence restraining order prohibiting the subject of the petition from having in their custody or control, owning, purchasing, possessing, or receiving a firearm or ammunition for a period of time between one to five years (Sec. 4). Authorizes these same individuals to have the ability to request the renewal of a gun violence restraining order within the 3 month period until the expiration of the gun violence restraining order (Sec. 6). Authorizes the court to issue an ex parte gun violence restraining order if the petition and any additional information proves that there is a substantial chance that both of the following are true (Sec. 2): The individual in question poses a significant risk of injuring the petitioner or any other individual by having in their custody or control, owning, purchasing, possessing, or receiving a firearm; and An ex parte gun violence restraining order is needed for the prevention of injury to the petitioner or any other individual because other methods have been unsuccessful in their attempts. Specifies that sections 2, 4, and 6 become effective beginning September 1, 2020 (Sec. 2, 4 & 6). Specifies that only an immediate family member of an individual or a law enforcement officer can file a petition or request that a court issue a gun violence restraining order for an individual until September 1, 2020 (Sec. 1, 3 & 5).