Highlights: Specifies that to assist in the investigation of crime, the prosecution of civil actions by city attorneys, the arrest and prosecution of criminals, and the recovery of lost, stolen, or found property, the Attorney General must keep and properly file a complete record of all of the following (Sec. 3): All copies of fingerprints; Copies of licenses to carry firearms issued; Information reported to the Department of Justice; Dealers’ Records of Sale of firearms; and Reports of stolen, lost, found, pledged, or pawned property in any city or county of this state. Establishes that every public agency or bona fide research institution concerned with the prevention or control of crime, the quality of criminal justice, or the custody or correction of offenders may be provided with criminal offender record information, including criminal court records, as required for the performance of its duties, including the conduct of research (Sec. 3). Authorizes The California Firearm Violence Research Center at UC Davis and researchers affiliated with the center to be provided with criminal offender record information as required for its research. The material identifying individuals must only be provided for research and statistical activities and must not be transferred, revealed, or used for purposes other than research or statistical activities (Sec. 3). Establishes that all reports or publications derived from this information should not identify specific individuals. Reasonable costs to the department associated with the department’s processing of that data may be billed to the researcher (Sec. 3). Specifies that if a request for data or letter of support for research using the data is denied, the department will provide a written statement of the specific reasons for the denial. A person will not be denied information according to this law solely based on that person’s criminal record unless the person has been convicted of a felony or another offense that involves moral turpitude, dishonesty, or fraud (Sec. 3).