Highlights: Requires an individual who wishes to transfer possession of a firearm to complete the following prior to the transfer (Sec. 1): Conduct a background check of the firearm recipient through a licensed firearm dealer; and Receive approval of the transfer from the Colorado Bureau of Investigation. Specifies that the approval of the firearm transfer from the Colorado Bureau of Investigation is valid for no more than 30 days (Sec. 1). Authorizes a licensed firearm dealer to charge a background check fee that is no more than $10 (Sec. 1). Exempts certain firearm transfers from the provisions of this bill, including, but not limited to, the following transfers (Sec. 1): Approved antique firearms; As a gift or loan between immediate family members; A transfer that occurs by the executor or administrator of an estate or a trustee of a trust created in a will; A temporary transfer while hunting, fishing, target shooting, or trapping; A temporary transfer that is made to repair or maintain the firearm; A temporary transfer that occurs while in the continuous presence of the owner of the firearm; or A temporary transfer for no more than 72 hours. Authorizes individuals to petition the court for exemption from federal firearms prohibitions in the following circumstances (Secs. 3 & 5): The individual has been found to be incapacitated by order of the court; The individual has been committed by order of the court to the custody of a department that administers behavioral health programs and services, including those for mental health and substance abuse; or The court has entered an order for one of the following: An individual’s involuntary certification for short-term treatment of mental illness; An individual’s extended certification for treatment of mental illness; or An individual’s long-term care and treatment of mental illness. Requires the state court administrator to report violations of this bill to the Colorado Bureau of Investigation and to the national instant background check system (Sec. 1). Classifies a violation of this bill as a Class 1 misdemeanor and prohibits an individual who violates this bill from possessing a firearm for 2 years (Sec. 1).