Highlights: Requires an individual to undergo a criminal background check to be administered by a licensed firearms seller prior to the purchase or “transfer” of a firearm from an “unlicensed individual” (Sec. 1). Defines “transfer” as assigning, pledging, leasing, loaning, giving away, or otherwise disposing of a firearm, but excludes certain instances including, but not limited to, the following situations (Sec. 1): The firearm is transferred to an individual personally known by the owner for no more than 14 days; The firearm is transferred to an individual with the continuous presence of the firearm owner of the firearm for no more than 24 hours; and The firearm is transferred due to the death of the firearm owner. Defines “unlicensed individual” as an individual who is not a licensed importer, manufacturer or firearms dealer (Sec. 1). Prohibits the State from establishing any system for the registration of firearms, firearm owners, or firearm transactions, except with the respect to individuals prohibited from receiving a firearm (Sec. 9). Exempts an individual from undergoing a criminal background check in certain firearm sales or transfers from an unlicensed seller including, but not limited to, the following firearm sales and transfers (Sec. 1): The transfer or sale between immediate family members; The transfer of firearms manufactured in or before 1898; The transfer or sale involving a qualified active duty or retired-law enforcement officer; The transfer or sale involving an individual who holds a current and valid concealed carry permit; or The transfer or sale to an authorized representative of the State or any subdivision as part of an authorized voluntary gun buyback program. Requires licensed firearm dealers to maintain privately held records of criminal backgrounds checks that are conducted (Sec. 7 & 9). Authorizes the State to have access to the records in certain situations including, but not limiting to, during open criminal investigations and during the course of a criminal prosecution (Sec. 8). Classifies a violation of the provisions in this bill as a Class A misdemeanor offense and any subsequent offense as a class G felony (Sec. 1). Increases the fee per criminal history check from not more than $20 each to not more than $30 each (Sec. 9).