Highlights: Prohibits bump stocks within the state beginning October 1, 2018 (Sec. 13). Prohibits firearm possession by an individual who is “undergoing a mental health crisis” or anyone posing a threat of violence, unless a court has ordered otherwise (Sec. 2). Requires a 3-day waiting period between the purchase and delivery of a firearm to any individual unless they (Sec. 12): Have completed the required background check; Hold a concealed weapons permit or a Florida hunting license; or Are a law enforcement officer or member of the military. Establishes the Office of Safe Schools within the Department of Education (DOE) to serve as a central repository for practices, training, and compliance regarding school safety and security (Sec. 3). Requires the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to procure a mobile app for students and the community to relay information anonymously concerning threats of violence, harmful activities, or other matters of safety and security (Sec. 19). Authorizes each sheriff’s office to establish a Coach Aaron Feis Guardian Program within their county to aid in the prevention or abatement of active assailant incidents at schools (Sec. 5). Authorizes each school district to decide whether to participate in the school guardian program if it is available in their county (Sec. 5). Requires an individual to complete 132 hours of firearm safety and proficiency training, 12 hours of diversity training, and pass a psychological evaluation and random drug tests in order to participate in the school guardian program (Sec. 5). Specifies that a “school guardian” has no authority to act in any law enforcement capacity except to the extent necessary to prevent an active assailant incident (Sec. 5). Prohibits full-time teachers who exclusively perform classroom duties from participating in the school guardian program unless they are part of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, a current member of the military, or a current or former law enforcement officer (Sec. 5). Prohibits making or posting a threat to conduct a mass shooting or an act of terrorism (Sec. 17). Authorizes the following appropriations (Secs. 36, 40, 42, and 44): $69 million to the DOE to fund mental health assistance; $67 million for sheriff’s offices that decide to participate in the school guardian program; $97.5 million for the Office of Safe Schools; and Over $98 million in grants for improving the physical security of school buildings.