Highlights: Defines "cartridge" as any device or object that is designed to be used with an electric gun to project a missile. "Cartridge" includes but is not limited to a Taser cartridge (Sec. 2-134-A). Defines "electric gun" as any portable device that is designed to discharge electric energy, charge, voltage, or current into the body through direct contact or utilizing a projectile. "Electric gun" includes but is not limited to devices commonly referred to as stun guns and Tasers. "Electric gun" does not include any automatic external defibrillator used in emergency medical situations (Sec. 2-134-A). Prohibits any person from knowingly or recklessly use an electric gun for any purpose except (Sec. 2-134-B): Self-defense; Defense of another person; or Protection of property of the person or of another person. Requires any person desiring to sell, offer to sell, distribute, or otherwise transfer electric guns or cartridges to a person in the State, either at wholesale or retail, to annually file an application for a license to do so with the county in which the person desires to conduct business or within the county to which the person intends the electric guns or cartridges to be sold, offered for sale, distributed, or otherwise transferred using forms prescribed by the county (Sec. 2-134-C.a). Requires an individual licensee to complete at least once every three years an electric gun safety or training course offered or approved by the county that focuses on (Sec. 2-134-D.b): The safe use and handling of electric guns; Current information about the effects, dangers, risks, and limitations of electric guns; and Education on the existing state laws on electric guns. Requires a licensee to keep records for all electric guns and cartridges received into inventory within the state, including (Sec. 2-134-D.e): Information identifying the seller, distributor, or transferor of the electric gun or cartridge; and The transaction record for the electric gun or cartridge, including the date of receipt, a description of the electric gun or cartridge, the manufacturer's serial number or the unique identifying serial number engraved by the licensee, and, if available, the manufacturer and the model number. Requires a licensee to keep records of all sales, distributions, and other transactions of electric guns and cartridges sold in the State or to a recipient in the State, including (Sec. 2-134-D.j): The recipient's name, date of birth, address, and telephone number; A copy of the recipient's government-issued identification card or document; The transaction record for the electric gun or cartridge, including the date of the transaction; a description of the electric gun or cartridge; if available, the name of the manufacturer and serial and model numbers; and, if necessary, the unique serial number engraved by the licensee; The criminal history background check and declaration signed by the recipient and the licensee or licensee’s employee as a witness; and A copy of the certification of informational briefing signed and dated by the recipient and the person who provided the briefing.