Highlights: Requires people who enter the state with a firearm to register the firearm with the chief of police in the county within 5 days after their arrival or their firearms arrival, whichever is later (Sec 2). Authorizes non-residents to bring firearms authorized by law into the state for a continuous period of up to 90 days provided that the person meets registration requirements and possesses the following (Sec 2): A valid Hawaii hunting license; A written document indicating the person has been invited to the state to shoot on private land; or A written notification from a firing range or target shooting business indicating that the person will actually engage in target shooting. Requires the non-resident to be limited to a non-transferable registration of no more than 10 firearms for the purpose of the above activities (Sec 2). Requires people registering a firearm to be fingerprinted and photographed by the county police department (Sec 2). Specifies that the previous requirement can be waived if a person’s fingerprint and photograph are already on file with the police department (Sec 2). Requires people who acquire a firearm to register the firearm within 5 days of acquisition (Sec 2). Specifies that the registration will be on forms prescribed by the attorney general and include the following information (Sec 2): Name of the manufacturer and importer; Model; Type of action; Caliber or gauge; Serial number; and Source from which receipt was obtained, including the name and address of the prior registrant. Requires all registration data that would identify the individual registering the firearm by name or address will be confidential and will only be disclosed if the following is required (Sec 2): For processing the registration; For database management by the Hawaii criminal justice data center; By law enforcement agency for the lawful performance of its duties; or By order of the court. Requires every person who permanently moves firearms out of the state to contact and notify the county police department in the county where the firearms are registered about the removal of the firearms within 5 days of the removal from the state (Sec 2). Specifies that any person who fails to complete the previous requirement in a timely manner is subject to a civil penalty of $100 per firearm (Sec 2). Prohibits people under the age of 21 from bringing a firearm into the state (Sec 2).