Highlights: Defines an “assault weapon” as any semiautomatic centerfire rifle, shotgun, or pistol with a fixed magazine that can hold more than 10 rounds and characteristics including, but not limited to (Sec. 1): Folding or telescoping stock; Flash suppressor; Forward pistol grip; or Pistol grip that protrudes conspicuously beneath the weapon. Authorizes firearm manufacturers to continue production of assault weapons in the state, provided the manufacturer sells the assault weapon out of state (Sec. 1). Authorizes an individual to lawfully possess an assault weapon purchased before October 1, 2013, provided the individual registers the assault weapon before January 1, 2014 (Sec. 1). Requires handgun license applicants to submit an application with the following requirements to the Secretary of the State Police, including, but not limited to (Sec. 1): A fingerprint scan; Background check; An application fee of $25; and Proof of successful completion of an approved firearms training course. Requires handgun license applicants to complete a firearms training course that includes the following (Sec. 1): Minimum of 4 hours instruction by a qualified handgun instructor; Classroom instruction on state firearm law, home firearm safety, handgun mechanisms and operation; and A firearm qualification component to demonstrate proficiency and use of the firearm. Specifies that a handgun license is valid for 10 years after issuance (Sec. 1). Requires shotgun or rifle license applicants to complete the following requirements (Sec. 1): A firearms training course as outlined above; For the initial application, a minimum of 16 hours of instruction by a qualified instructor; and For renewal applications, a minimum of 8 hours of instruction by a qualified instructor. Prohibits an individual from receiving a firearm license if the individual (Sec. 1): Has been committed involuntarily to a state mental facility; Committed voluntarily to a state mental facility for more than 30 consecutive days before October 1, 2013, unless a physician certifies the individual is not a danger to themselves or others; Is not subject to a current protection order; Has been declared incompetent to stand trial; or Was found to be not responsible for a crime by reason of insanity.