Highlights: Requires an individual’s status as a firearm identification card or permit holder to be embedded in the individual’s driver’s license or state identification card (Sec. 3). Prohibits a retailer from selling, assigning, or transferring a firearm to an individual who does not present a valid state driver’s license or identification card that is embedded with the individual’s eligibility to purchase or receive a firearm, effective 73 months after the enactment of this bill (Sec. 5). Requires the attorney general to establish a system through which retail firearm dealers can access embedded information in an individual’s form of identification to determine his or her eligibility to purchase a firearm (Sec. 12). Requires a newly issued or renewed firearms purchaser identification card to display the card holder’s photograph (Sec. 8). Requires the chief law enforcement officer or superintendent of a municipality to perform a criminal background check to determine a new applicant’s or renewing individual’s eligibility for a firearm identification card or permit (Sec. 9). Requires an individual applying for a firearms purchaser identification card or permit to complete a 4 hour firearms safety course, or another approved form of training, prior to receiving a card or permit (Sec. 13). Requires the Superintendent of the State Police to develop an electronic reporting program to track online handgun, rifle, and shotgun ammunition sales and transfers (Secs. 15 & 16). Classifies a disorderly person's offense as a fourth degree crime if an individual knows or “reasonably should know” that a minor is likely to gain access to a loaded firearm under their control and does not securely store the firearm, and if both of the following actions occur (Sec. 18): A minor gains access to the firearm; and A minor’s access to the firearm results in bodily injury or death. Requires the sale, assignment, or transfer of a handgun to be conducted through a licensed individual or retail dealer, except in certain cases including, but not limited to, the following cases (Sec. 21): The transaction is between immediate family members; The transaction is between law enforcement officers; or The transaction is between firearms or ammunition collectors as curios or relics. Requires a licensed individual or retail dealer to complete a National Instant Criminal Background Check (NICS) on an individual acquiring a handgun (Sec. 21).